So in this lecture, I'm going to access my application load balancer.
And once the request will reach to the application load balancer, it is going to distribute the traffic
among all the containers.
So this is the DNS name of my application load balancer.
Let me copy and put it in the browser.
Now you can see that my this web page is started opening.
And let me refresh it.
So here the request is coming to first container.
And if will refresh it, then it will come to the next container.
Next container, next container.
But for our learning purpose, how would I ensure that the request is going to all my containers?
So let me do one thing.
Let me access my this instance.
And from there, I'm going to do some changes in my this nginx web application.
So first I have to log into my this public instance.
This is my private key.
Now here you can see I'm able to access my this public subnet instance and I want to access my private
subnet instance.
So what is the IP?
So this is the IP and I also need to copy the private key.
So this is my private key.
Copy and create a file with any name okay.
I have created my private key and ssh -i the name of the key and make sure the permission
it should be 400.
Otherwise you will start getting the error ssh -i and EC2-user and the IP of
my this private instance.
Now you can see that I am able to access my instance, my first instance, which is running in the private
subnet.
So docker container ls.
So here you can see 2 containers are running.
So this is my first container and this is my second container of my nginx.
latest here you can see.
So this is what we have defined in our task.
Now, let me go inside this instance.
So how we can go inside this one, so docker and execute -it and then you have to give the container
ID and bin bash.
Now I'm inside this container and go to this usr and here we have this share.
nginx.
html.
And this is my index.html.
I'm getting some error here.
So vi command is not working.
Just cat this one.
So when we open this web page, so we are getting this one so same it is defined here.
So what I'm going to do here.
I'm going to remove this index.html and I'm going to create a new file index.html.
And let me put some content here.
And this is my suppose.
This is my container.
001.
For instance 1.
Control.
d index.
Okay.
So this is for my first container.
Let me come out from here.
And Docker container.
ls.
Let me go inside to the second one.
So, Docker.
Container Docker exec -it, the container ID and bin bash.
Let me go inside this location.
USR share nginx and html.
And here we have this index.html.
So this is the default entry.
Let me remove this file.
And Cat.
Index.html.
Container 002.
For instance 1.
Okay.
Let me come out from here.
So for 2 containers which is running on 1 instance, I have done the changes coming back here.
Now I'm going to refresh it and now you can see that the request.
First, let me come to this PPT.
Now, this user has.
Now this user is trying to access the web application.
So first, the request will go to the application load balancer.
Then it is going to distribute equally to all the containers.
So here you can see if I'm refreshing it.
First it is going to container 001 and then you can see it has gone to the second instance of the container
and you can see that I'm getting this container 02.
So here you can see it is distributing the traffic to both of the instances equally to their respective
containers.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.